1. What is Semantic HTML?  semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes provide additional information about element and specified in the start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? Header How many times should I use it on a page?as many as we want
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? img a
    7. What is an id? The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? To all such as h1 p div and etc
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? One time because it should be unique
    10. What is a class? The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Div h1 p etc
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? repeteadly as many as we want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?we add to <a  target="_blank">
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id?by #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. whereas: The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. 
    17. What is CSS used for? To style Html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one Id is unique, but class we can use many times
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. When we want use for example a inside a div
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .class:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? Border: 2px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?  Box model is a content and around this content we have padding border and margin
